Ashley is a girl just your age.
Ashley likes playing with toys and looking at books.
Do you like those things, too?
Ashley wears diapers.
Do you wear diapers, too?
When Ashley's diaper is wet or dirty, she tells her mommy or daddy.
Then they put a new diaper on, and Ashley is clean and dry again.
One day, Mommy and Daddy brought home a big box.
Do you know what it was?
It was a new potty for Ashley.
Ashley tried sitting on the potty with her clothes on.
Ashley's bunny Floppy sat on the potty, too.
It was fun!
Mommy took off Ashley's diaper. 
She said, "Let's have potty time."
"When you need to make pee-pee or poop, please sit on the potty."
After a while, Ashley's daddy said, "Try sitting on the potty."
Maybe some pee-pee will come out."
Ashley sat and sat.
But nothing went into the potty.
Later, Ashley read her books.
"Try sitting on the potty," said Mommy.
"Maybe some poop will come out."
Ashley sat and sat.
But nothing went into the potty.
Ashley played with her toys.
Daddy said, "Try the potty again."
Ashley sat and sat.
This time something happened!
Mommy and Daddy and Ashley looked in the potty.
They saw pee and poop.
"Ashley used her potty!" said Mommy.
She hugged and kissed her.
Mommy helped Ashley wipe herself.
Daddy helped her pour the pee and poop into the big toilet.
Ashley flushed the toilet.
The pee and poop went into pipes under the house.
Then Ashley washed her hands.
"What a big girl you are!" said Daddy.
At bedtime, Mommy put a diaper on Ashley.
"You'll still need a diaper at night for a while," said Mommy.
In the morning, it was potty time again.
Mommy took off the diaper, and Ashley used her potty.
Every day Ashley had potty time.
One day Mommy said, "Now you are very good at using your potty."
"It's time for big-girl pants."
Mommy and Ashley went to the store.
They picked out special big-girl underpants.
At home, Ashley put the pants on.
When she used the potty, she pulled the pants down.
Ashley liked to keep her new pants clean and dry.
One day, Ashley forgot to use her potty.
Her pants got wet.
The floor got wet, too.
"Don't worry," said Daddy.
"All children have accidents sometimes."
Mommy helped Ashley clean up.
She gaver her clean pants.
"Next time you'll remember," she said.
And do you know what?
Next time Ashley did!
You can be like Ashley.
You can learn to use the potty, too. 
Then won't you be proud of yourself!