Boring Thomas woke up at exactly 7:30AM.
His slippers were beside his bed.
They were exactly where he had put them the night before.
Everything was exactly the way he liked it.
Thomas put on the slippers.
He saw one slipper had a small tear.
"Uh oh," thought Thomas.
"This is a big problem."
"I will never find new slippers that are as good as my old ones."
"They're the only kind I like."
Thomas's cat Frank came up to him.
Frank was saying, "Good morning."
He jumped up on the bed beside Thomas.
"Meow," said Frank.
"I need to go to the bathroom," said Thomas
"After I use the bathroom, I will feed you your breakfast."
When Thomas had finished, he flushed his toilet.
He began to wash his hands.
But something was wrong.
Thomas looked at the toilet.
The bowl was full of water.
There was far too much water in it.
"I should flush it again," thought Thomas.
Thomas flushed it again.
He could hear Frank meowing in the bedroom.
"I need to feed Frank," thought Thomas
Then Thomas heard a splashing sound.
The water in the toilet had not gone down.
It had gone up!
It had overflowed the toilet bowl.
The water was running down onto the floor.
The floor was covered with water.
"Oh no!" cried Thomas!
"How can I feed Frank when the floor is wet??"
"Maybe if I flush it once more the water will just go away."
But Thomas wasn't sure that it was.
"I know," thought Thomas, "I can stop the water."
There was a garbage bag in the cupboard under the sink.
Thomas got the garbage bag.
He stretched it over the top of the toilet.
Thomas closed the lid.
The lid was on top of the garbage bag.
"Surely the lid is heavy enough," thought Thomas.
Thomas heard Frank scratch at the bathroom door.
"I'm coming, Frank!" called Thomas.
Thomas quickly flushed the toilet again.
He heard a splashing sound.
He saw water running down to the floor.
The water reached the bathmat.
Now the bathmat was wet.
There was more water than before.
Frank was meowing loudly.
Thomas opened the door.
He wanted to tell Frank everything was okay.
Frank ran into the bathroom.
"No Frank!" cried Thomas.
"Don't drink the water!"
Frank didn't want to drink the water.
He was meowing.
His paws were wet.
He was hungry.
He ran out of the bathroom.
"No Frank!" cried Thomas.
There were wet spots on the bedroom carpet now.
Everything was terrible.
"My morning is ruined," thought Thomas.
"I just wanted to feed Frank and drink my coffee."
He took his bathtowel and put it on the floor.
Then, Thomas quickly got some cat food from the cupboard.
He fed Frank.
Thomas went to the store.
Thomas was very upset. 
He bought a toilet plunger. 
He started to walk to the checkout.
Thomas stopped.
There was a sign advertising a sale.
The sale was for slippers.
He saw a pair of slippers there.
They looked even warmer than the ones he had.
They were only $4.
Maybe it wasn't a terrible morning.
Thomas brought the slippers with him to the checkout.
The clerk looked at the toilet plunger.
"It looks like you've had an exciting morning." he said.
"No," said Thomas. "I just fed my cat, really."
Thomas stopped.
He had fed Frank, but he had forgotten to give Frank fresh water!!
"I need to get home," said Thomas.